docs: Docker quickstart (#1034)
redpanda-data/documentation: modules/deploy/pages/deployment-option/self-hosted/manual/sizing.adoc

See also: https://github.com/redpanda-data/openmessaging-benchmark/blob/main/driver-redpanda/README.md[Redpanda Benchmarks^]

== Assess throughput

> This section describes how to use the xref:reference:rpk/rpk-topic-analyze.adoc[`rpk topic analyze`] command to check how much work your Redpanda cluster is handling. It shows the number of messages being processed and the size of the data groups (batches). This information helps you decide if you need to add more servers or make changes to your setup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section describes how to use the xref:reference:rpk/rpk-topic-analyze.adoc[`rpk topic analyze`] command to check how much work your Redpanda cluster is handling. It shows the number of messages the cluster is processing and the size of the data groups (batches). This information helps you decide if you need to add more servers or make changes to your setup.
```

_redpanda.transform_logs  0.7833333333333333    0.7833333333333333    0.7833333333333333   0.7833333333333333
_schemas                  0                     0                     0                    0
edu-filtered-domains      0.1                   0.1                   0.1                  0.1
logins                    1                     1                     1                    1
transactions              1                     1                     1                    1

PARTITION BATCH SIZE (BYTES)
============================
TOPIC                     P25   P50   P75   P99
_redpanda.audit_log       608   610   610   611
_redpanda.transform_logs  895   895   895   895
_schemas                  0     0     0     0
edu-filtered-domains      141   141   141   141
logins                    144   144   144   144
transactions              255   255   255   255
----

* **Total throughput:**
  Indicates the total amount of data processed by the cluster every second.

* **Total batch rate:**
  Shows the number of message batches processed per second. A higher rate suggests increased activity, which may require more CPU or I/O resources.

* **Average batch size:**

>   Reflects the average size of each batch. Large or inconsistent batch sizes may indicate the need to adjust producer settings or verify storage capacity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Reflects the average size of each message batch. Large or inconsistent batch sizes may indicate the need to adjust producer settings or verify storage capacity.
```

* **Topic and partition summaries:**

>   Provides details on resource usage by individual topics. For example, if a single topic (such as `_redpanda.transform_logs` in this example) is responsible for most throughput, it may need optimization or additional resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Provides details on resource usage by individual topics. For example, if a single topic (such as `_redpanda.transform_logs` in the example output) is responsible for most throughput, it may need optimization or additional resources.
```
